0.facebook.com,z.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
static-0.facebook.com,z.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
static.0.facebook.com,z.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
m.0.facebook.com,z.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.0.facebook.com,z.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
playpen10.facebook.com,playpen-shv-12-prn2.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
z-1.facebook.com,z-1.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
snaptu-p1.facebook.com,snaptu-p1.c10r.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
vupload2.facebook.com,vupload2.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
graph2.facebook.com,z-1.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
0-channel-proxy-07-ash2.facebook.com,channel-proxy-07-ash2.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
1-channel-proxy-07-ash2.facebook.com,channel-proxy-07-ash2.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
2-channel-proxy-07-ash2.facebook.com,channel-proxy-07-ash2.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
3-channel-proxy-07-ash2.facebook.com,channel-proxy-07-ash2.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
4-channel-proxy-07-ash2.facebook.com,channel-proxy-07-ash2.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
5-channel-proxy-07-ash2.facebook.com,channel-proxy-07-ash2.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
6-channel-proxy-07-ash2.facebook.com,channel-proxy-07-ash2.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
api2.facebook.com,z-1.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
m2.facebook.com,z-1.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
o2.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
snaptu-p2.facebook.com,snaptu-p2.c10r.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
www2.facebook.com,z-1.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
0-channel-proxy-04-frc3.facebook.com,channel-proxy-04-frc3.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
1-channel-proxy-04-frc3.facebook.com,channel-proxy-04-frc3.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
2-channel-proxy-04-frc3.facebook.com,channel-proxy-04-frc3.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
3-channel-proxy-04-frc3.facebook.com,channel-proxy-04-frc3.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
4-channel-proxy-04-frc3.facebook.com,channel-proxy-04-frc3.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
5-channel-proxy-04-frc3.facebook.com,channel-proxy-04-frc3.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
6-channel-proxy-04-frc3.facebook.com,channel-proxy-04-frc3.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
z-p3.facebook.com,z-p3.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
check4.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
check6.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
bs-ba.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
imba.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
fr-ca.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ithaca.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
usfca.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
bankofamerica.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
africa.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
informatica.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
uca.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
da.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ida.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ananda.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
gamuda.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
atea.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ffa.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
smfa.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
gonzaga.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
gmcga.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
zynga.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
alpha.facebook.com,alpha.vvv.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
columbia.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
arcadia.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
sophia.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
fredonia.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
northumbria.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
agria.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
telekomaustria.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
nutriasia.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
thriveinasia.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
malaysia.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ja.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
raja.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
zenika.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
evidyaloka.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
es-la.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ucla.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
avila.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
adityabirla.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ma.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
tz-ma.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
rema.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
usma.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
indiana.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
augustana.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
arena.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
emakina.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
scarolina.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
arizona.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
usna.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
wcupa.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
dra.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
mahindra.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
nsa.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
axiata.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
alpha-shv-03-lla1.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
alpha-shv-03-ash5.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
africa.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
es-la.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
beta.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
beta.beta.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
connect.beta.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
www.beta.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
my.beta.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
abc.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
pacific.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
mabasic.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
mbasic.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
s-static.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
d.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
upload.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
www.upload.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
vupload.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
inspired.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
de-de.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
lookaside.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
badge.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
lite.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
lite.lite.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
id-idm.blog.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
h.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
search.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
touch.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
graph.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
api.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
neeraj.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
zh-hk.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
thefacebook.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
l.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
pixel.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ml-ml.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
nl-nl.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
pl-pl.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
mysql.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ssl.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
m.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
lm.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
n.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
gin.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
login.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
connectlogin.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
sun.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
o.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
p.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ja-jp.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ar-ar.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
pt-br.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
codewellbanker.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
fr-fr.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
fa-ir.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
tr-tr.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
gl-es.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
es-es.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
apps.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
developers.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
business.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
govtrequests.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
act.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
connect.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ticket.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
light.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
management.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
test.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ww.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
www.ww.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
www.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
www.www.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
x.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
staticxx.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ms-my.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
discovery.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
z.beta.facebook.com,beta.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
delta.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
onevedanta.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
minnesota.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
grupovesta.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ua.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
uk-ua.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
cua.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
la-va.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
nova.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
villanova.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
sva.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
uva.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
iowa.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
axa.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
af-za.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ab.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
augustanaab.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
fcb.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
web.facebook.com,z-1.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
fb.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
en-gb.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
cy-gb.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
umb.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
nb.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
pnb.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ucsb.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
itb.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
aub.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
vub.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
svb.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
bs-ba.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-ca.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.es-la.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
uk-ua.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
af-za.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
f.b.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.f.b.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
en-gb.f.b.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
de-de.f.b.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
th-th.f.b.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
nl-nl.f.b.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
vi-vn.f.b.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
nb-no.f.b.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ja-jp.f.b.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ar-ar.f.b.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-br.f.b.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.f.b.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ko-kr.f.b.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-es.f.b.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.f.b.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-tw.f.b.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.f.b.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
en-gb.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
a.c.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.amol.a.c.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
de-de.amol.a.c.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
th-th.amol.a.c.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
vi-vn.amol.a.c.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ja-jp.amol.a.c.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-br.amol.a.c.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.amol.a.c.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-es.amol.a.c.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.amol.a.c.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-tw.amol.a.c.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.amol.a.c.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ru-ru.c.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.c.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
id-id.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
en-ud.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
proxymice.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.proxymice.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
de-de.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ka-ge.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
sw-ke.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
sv-se.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
youghaluniteda.f.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.youghaluniteda.f.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.es-la.youghaluniteda.f.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
en-gb.youghaluniteda.f.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
id-id.youghaluniteda.f.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.id-id.youghaluniteda.f.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.sv-se.youghaluniteda.f.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ar-ar.youghaluniteda.f.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.es-es.youghaluniteda.f.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.youghaluniteda.f.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-pt.youghaluniteda.f.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.youghaluniteda.f.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ms-my.youghaluniteda.f.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.f.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-ca.g.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
en-gb.g.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
de-de.g.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
nl-nl.g.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fy-nl.g.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
m.g.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-cn.g.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
hi-in.g.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
vi-vn.g.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
nb-no.g.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ro-ro.g.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ja-jp.g.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ar-ar.g.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.g.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ko-kr.g.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
tr-tr.g.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-es.g.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
is-is.g.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.g.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ru-ru.g.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-tw.g.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.g.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
az-az.g.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
bg-bg.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
m.tl-ph.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.tl-ph.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.th-th.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
en-gb.th-th.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
id-id.th-th.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
de-de.th-th.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
sv-se.th-th.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
th-th.th-th.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
nl-nl.th-th.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-cn.th-th.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
vi-vn.th-th.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-br.th-th.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.th-th.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-es.th-th.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
business.th-th.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.th-th.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-pt.th-th.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-tw.th-th.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.th-th.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fi-fi.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
da-dk.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.da-dk.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
en-gb.da-dk.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
sk-sk.da-dk.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
hi-in.da-dk.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
vi-vn.da-dk.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ro-ro.da-dk.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ar-ar.da-dk.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-br.da-dk.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.da-dk.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-es.da-dk.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.da-dk.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.da-dk.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-hk.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
sk-sk.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
sq-al.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pixel.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
nl-nl.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pl-pl.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
m.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.m.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
en-gb.m.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
de-de.m.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
th-th.m.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-hk.m.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
nl-nl.m.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-cn.m.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
hi-in.m.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
vi-vn.m.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ja-jp.m.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ar-ar.m.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-br.m.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.m.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ko-kr.m.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ca-es.m.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-es.m.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.m.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.it-it.m.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-tw.m.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.m.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
cs-cz.m.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.cs-cz.m.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
lm.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-cn.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.zh-cn.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
hi-in.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
vi-vn.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
m.o.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ja-jp.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ar-ar.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-br.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
tr-tr.ejister.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
el-gr.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ko-kr.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
tr-tr.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ku-tr.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ca-es.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-es.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.es-es.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
en-gb.es-es.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
de-de.es-es.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
sv-se.es-es.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-cn.es-es.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
vi-vn.es-es.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ja-jp.es-es.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ar-ar.es-es.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-br.es-es.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.es-es.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
hr-hr.es-es.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ko-kr.es-es.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
tr-tr.es-es.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-es.es-es.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.es-es.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ru-ru.es-es.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-tw.es-es.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.es-es.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.lites.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.lites.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.lites.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.lites.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
is-is.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fb-lt.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.fb-lt.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
hu-hu.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ru-ru.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-ca.www.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.www.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
en-gb.www.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
de-de.www.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
km-kh.www.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
th-th.www.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
da-dk.www.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pl-pl.www.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-cn.www.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
hi-in.www.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
vi-vn.www.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
nb-no.www.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ja-jp.www.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ne-np.www.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ar-ar.www.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-br.www.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.www.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
tr-tr.www.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-es.www.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.www.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-pt.www.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
hu-hu.www.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ru-ru.www.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-tw.www.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.www.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
robtex.com252fwww.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.alex.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
en-gb.alex.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
id-id.alex.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
de-de.alex.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
th-th.alex.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fi-fi.alex.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
da-dk.alex.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
nl-nl.alex.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
hi-in.alex.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
vi-vn.alex.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ja-jp.vi-vn.alex.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ro-ro.alex.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ja-jp.alex.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ar-ar.alex.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-br.alex.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.alex.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ko-kr.alex.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-es.alex.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.alex.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-pt.alex.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-tw.alex.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.alex.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
be-by.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ms-my.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
az-az.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
cs-cz.c.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
rhbncac.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
qafac.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
quinnipiac.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
uclac.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
leedsac.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
mtsac.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
uac.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
bc.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
abc.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
bbc.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ocbc.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ubc.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
cc.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
howardcc.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
lntecc.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
gcc.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ncc.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
uncc.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
dc.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
udc.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
edhec.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
wnec.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
meotec.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
cofc.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ic.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
elkjopnordic.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
pacific.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
nic.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
generalelectric.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
mbasic.facebook.com,touch.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
static.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
s-static.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
vjc.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
imc.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
smc.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
softserveinc.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
gapinc.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
snc.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
unc.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
pc.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
spc.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
qc.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
leclerc.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
inyourrc.facebook.com,inyourrc.vvv.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
csc.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ucsc.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
hsc.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
misc.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
wisc.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
usc.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
uc.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
bcuc.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
luc.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
rvc.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
pwc.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
fitnyc.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
d.facebook.com,d.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
mcad.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
api-read.facebook.com,api.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
insead.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
upload.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
p-upload.facebook.com,z-1.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
z-upload.facebook.com,z-m.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
rupload.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
vupload.facebook.com,vupload2.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
rad.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
xad.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
bd.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ed.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
clubmed.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
lstmed.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
statped.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
inspired.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
united.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
id-id.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
jv-id.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
fairfield.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
wild.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
temphold.facebook.com,www.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
fitnessworld.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
nd.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ashland.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
inland.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
cortland.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
richmond.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
bigpond.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
cod.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
nutrifood.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
longwood.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
northwood.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-ca.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
bs-ba.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.es-la.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-tw.es-la.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.es-la.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
uk-ua.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
en-gb.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.en-gb.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
id-id.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.id-id.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ka-ge.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
sv-se.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.sv-se.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
th-th.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
en-pi.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
da-dk.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
mk-mk.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
en-gb.nl-nl.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.nl-nl.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
hr-hr.nl-nl.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
sr-rs.nl-nl.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.nl-nl.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pl-pl.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.pl-pl.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-cn.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.ro-ro.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
sv-se.ro-ro.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
nb-no.ro-ro.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.ro-ro.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-es.ro-ro.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-tw.ro-ro.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.ro-ro.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ar-ar.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
en-gb.ar-ar.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
th-th.ar-ar.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.ar-ar.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-br.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.fr-fr.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.el-gr.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.tr-tr.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-es.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.es-es.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.it-it.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-pt.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.ru-ru.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
lv-lv.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-tw.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.es-la.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
web.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
en-gb.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.en-gb.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.en-gb.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
mbasic.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
upload.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pixel.id-id.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
nb-no.id-id.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ar-ar.id-id.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.id-id.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.id-id.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
en-ud.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
nl-be.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.es-la.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
en-gb.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
id-id.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
de-de.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
sv-se.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.sv-se.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
cx-ph.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.sl-si.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
da-dk.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
nl-nl.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fy-nl.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pl-pl.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-br.pl-pl.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.pl-pl.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ar-ar.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-br.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.fr-fr.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
en-gb.fr-fr.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
sv-se.fr-fr.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
da-dk.fr-fr.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
m.fr-fr.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
nb-no.fr-fr.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ja-jp.fr-fr.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-br.fr-fr.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.pt-br.fr-fr.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ko-kr.fr-fr.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-es.fr-fr.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ru-ru.fr-fr.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.fr-fr.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ko-kr.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-es.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.es-es.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.it-it.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-pt.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.pt-pt.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ru-ru.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.ru-ru.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-tw.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ms-my.de-de.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
code.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
mobile.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
de-de.mobile.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
m.mobile.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.mobile.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
sv-se.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
bg-bg.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.blog.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.blog.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.th-th.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
en-pi.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
sl-si.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
da-dk.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-hk.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
l.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
sq-al.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pixel.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
nl-nl.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pl-pl.nl-nl.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.nl-nl.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.nl-nl.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pl-pl.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
en-gb.pl-pl.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.pl-pl.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
m.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-ca.m.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-es.m.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.m.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
im.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ja-jp.lm.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ko-kr.lm.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.lm.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.lm.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-cn.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.zh-cn.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
hi-in.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
as-in.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
vi-vn.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
tesco.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
nn-no.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ro-ro.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
hi-in.ro-ro.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.ro-ro.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.ro-ro.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ja-jp.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.ja-jp.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ar-ar.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.ar-ar.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
de-de.ar-ar.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.ar-ar.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-br.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-ca.pt-br.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.pt-br.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
en-gb.pt-br.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.id-id.pt-br.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
de-de.pt-br.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
sv-se.pt-br.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
da-dk.pt-br.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
nl-nl.pt-br.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
th-th.pl-pl.pt-br.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ja-jp.pl-pl.pt-br.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.pl-pl.pt-br.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
m.pt-br.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ro-ro.pt-br.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ja-jp.pt-br.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-br.pt-br.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.pt-br.pt-br.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.pt-br.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.fr-fr.pt-br.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ca-es.pt-br.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-es.pt-br.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.es-es.pt-br.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.pt-br.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.it-it.pt-br.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-pt.pt-br.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ru-ru.pt-br.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.ru-ru.pt-br.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-br.ru-ru.pt-br.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.ru-ru.pt-br.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.pt-br.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-ca.fr-fr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.fr-fr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ja-jp.es-la.fr-fr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.es-la.fr-fr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.es-la.fr-fr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
id-id.fr-fr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
sv-se.fr-fr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ko-kr.sv-se.fr-fr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.sv-se.fr-fr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.sv-se.fr-fr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-hk.fr-fr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.nl-nl.fr-fr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ko-kr.nl-nl.fr-fr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.nl-nl.fr-fr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
m.fr-fr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ar-ar.fr-fr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.fr-fr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ko-kr.fr-fr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
tr-tr.fr-fr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-es.fr-fr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.es-es.fr-fr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.fr-fr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.it-it.fr-fr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.fr-fr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-cn.el-gr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ar-ar.el-gr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.el-gr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ko-kr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
tr-tr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.tr-tr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.es-la.tr-tr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.id-id.tr-tr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
km-kh.tr-tr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
nl-nl.tr-tr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pl-pl.tr-tr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
m.pl-pl.tr-tr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ko-kr.pl-pl.tr-tr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.pl-pl.tr-tr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
vi-vn.tr-tr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ja-jp.tr-tr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ar-ar.tr-tr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ko-kr.tr-tr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.es-es.tr-tr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.it-it.tr-tr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.ru-ru.tr-tr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.tr-tr.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ca-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
en-gb.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
id-id.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.id-id.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ko-kr.id-id.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.id-id.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ru-ru.id-id.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.id-id.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
de-de.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
sv-se.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.sv-se.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
nl-nl.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pl-pl.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ja-jp.pl-pl.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ar-ar.pl-pl.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
tr-tr.pl-pl.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.pl-pl.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
eo-eo.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-br.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ja-jp.fr-fr.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ar-ar.fr-fr.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.fr-fr.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ko-kr.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ca-es.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.ca-es.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-es.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.es-es.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
id-id.it-it.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.it-it.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-pt.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.pt-pt.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ru-ru.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.ru-ru.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ro-ro.ru-ru.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ko-kr.ru-ru.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-es.ru-ru.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
sr-rs.ru-ru.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.ru-ru.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ms-my.es-es.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ja-ks.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
apps.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.apps.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
en-gb.apps.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
vi-vn.apps.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ar-ar.apps.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.apps.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ko-kr.apps.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
tr-tr.apps.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-es.apps.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
sr-rs.apps.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
developers.apps.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-tw.apps.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.apps.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
partners.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
bs-ba.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.es-la.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ja-jp.es-la.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
la-va.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
af-za.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
en-gb.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.en-gb.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
id-id.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.id-id.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
nl-be.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
de-de.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
sv-se.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.sv-se.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
bg-bg.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
th-th.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.th-th.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fi-fi.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
sl-si.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
da-dk.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
nl-nl.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-br.nl-nl.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.nl-nl.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pl-pl.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.pl-pl.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
hi-in.pl-pl.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ja-jp.pl-pl.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ko-kr.pl-pl.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-pt.pl-pl.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.pl-pl.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
m.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-cn.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
hi-in.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
vi-vn.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
nb-no.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ar-ar.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.ar-ar.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-br.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
en-pi.pt-br.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ar-ar.pt-br.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.pt-br.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.fr-fr.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
el-gr.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ko-kr.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
tr-tr.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.ca-es.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-es.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
sr-rs.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.sr-rs.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-pt.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
hu-hu.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ru-ru.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.ru-ru.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
lv-lv.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-tw.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ms-my.developers.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
business.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.it-it.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.it-it.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
lt-lt.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-pt.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ru-ru.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-br.ru-ru.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.ru-ru.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
rw-rw.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-tw.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.zh-tw.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
staticxx.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ms-my.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
en-gb.ms-my.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ja-jp.ms-my.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
melty.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
cs-cz.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ja-jp.cs-cz.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.cs-cz.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
staticxx.cs-cz.prod.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
mastercard.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
gard.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
harvard.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
howard.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
radford.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
standford.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
stanford.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
haverford.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
oxford.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
csd.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
en-ud.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
duae.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
nl-be.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
peace.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
face.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
interface.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
pace.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
rice.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
onepublicservice.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
superiorambulance.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
century21france.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
providence.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
de.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
de-de.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
lookaside.facebook.com,scontent.xx.fbcdn.net.,Not SaaS
code.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
et-ee.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
berklee.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
sewanee.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
free.facebook.com,z-m.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
tennessee.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
edgetee.facebook.com,edgetee.xx.fbcdn.net.,Connection Failed
venteprivee.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
life.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ka-ge.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
badge.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
vupload-edge.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
cambridge.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
limcollege.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
rockvalleycollege.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
origincache.facebook.com,scontent.xx.fbcdn.net.,Not SaaS
ga-ie.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
bakerandmckenzie.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
sw-ke.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
nike.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
roanoke.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
mtholyoke.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
duke.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
yale.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
google.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
mobile.facebook.com,z-1.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
movile.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
lasalle.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
temple.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
people.facebook.com,www.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
sjcme.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
sunymaritime.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
tulane.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
keene.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
umaine.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
hamline.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
vodafone.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ufone.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
iphone.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
danone.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
newcastletyne.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
coe.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
delaware.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
hexaware.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
reseauentreprendre.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
manchesterfire.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
hampshire.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
canadiantire.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
skidmore.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
759store.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
secure.facebook.com,secure.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
web.secure.facebook.com,secure.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
m.secure.facebook.com,secure.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
apps.secure.facebook.com,secure.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
business.secure.facebook.com,secure.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.secure.facebook.com,secure.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
accenture.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
sv-se.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ntucse.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
lse.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
uxceclipse.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
sse.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
colgate.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
iastate.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
waynestate.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
appstate.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
msstate.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
murraystate.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
0.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.0.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
de-de.0.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
lite.0.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.lite.0.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
he-il.0.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
vi-vn.0.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
nb-no.0.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ar-ar.0.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.0.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ko-kr.0.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
tr-tr.0.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-cn.tr-tr.0.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
cs-cz.tr-tr.0.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.0.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.0.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
2020on20.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.2020on20.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
wwwon20.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-ca.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.ha.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ja-jp.ha.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ar-ar.ha.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-br.ha.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.ha.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-es.ha.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-tw.ha.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.ha.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.es-es.es-la.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.es-la.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.ra.ra.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
beta.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
uk-ua.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
la-va.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.la-va.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
en-gb.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
c.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.c.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
speed.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
3g.speed.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
id-id.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
nl-be.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
de-de.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
th-th.de-de.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
nl-nl.de-de.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ar-ar.de-de.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-pt.de-de.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.de-de.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ka-ge.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
badge.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.google.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.google.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
mobile.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
secure.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
sv-se.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.sv-se.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
lite.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-ca.lite.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.lite.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.es-la.lite.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
en-gb.lite.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
de-de.lite.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
lite.lite.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
de-de.lite.lite.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-cn.lite.lite.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ar-ar.lite.lite.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.lite.lite.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
en-pi.lite.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
l.lite.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pixel.lite.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
nl-nl.lite.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
m.lite.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
hi-in.lite.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ar-ar.lite.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-br.lite.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.lite.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
tr-tr.lite.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-es.lite.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.es-es.lite.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
hu-hu.lite.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.zh-tw.lite.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.lite.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
wubiye.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
blog.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
h.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
touch.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
en-gb.touch.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
sl-si.touch.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-hk.touch.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.touch.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.touch.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
mtouch.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
tl-ph.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
graph.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
th-th.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.yth.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
sl-si.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
wwwi.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
da-dk.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-br.da-dk.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.fr-fr.da-dk.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.fr-fr.da-dk.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.fr-fr.da-dk.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.da-dk.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-hk.dk.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
hi-in.dk.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.el-gr.dk.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.dk.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
mk-mk.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.mk-mk.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
sk-sk.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
l.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pixel.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
nl-nl.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fy-nl.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.pl-pl.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
wwwl.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
id-id.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fi-fi.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pixel.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
m.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
or-in.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
af-za.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
en-gb.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
nl-be.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
de-de.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
sw-ke.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
bg-bg.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
tl-ph.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
cx-ph.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
sl-si.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
da-dk.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
nl-nl.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fy-nl.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pl-pl.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
m.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-cn.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ta-in.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
hi-in.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
kn-in.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
mr-in.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
gu-in.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
eo-eo.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ja-jp.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ar-ar.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-br.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
hr-hr.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ko-kr.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-es.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ja-ks.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
sr-rs.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fb-lt.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
lt-lt.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-pt.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
hu-hu.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ru-ru.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
staticxx.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
be-by.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ms-my.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
cs-cz.ja-jp.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ar-ar.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-br.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ko-kr.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-es.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ru-ru.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-tw.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.m.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
lm.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-cn.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.zh-cn.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.menen.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
in.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
hi-in.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ko-kr.hi-in.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
login.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
bs-ba.login.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.login.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
en-gb.login.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
sl-si.login.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
hi-in.login.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
bn-in.login.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ar-ar.login.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-br.login.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.login.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.login.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.login.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
mn-mn.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
on.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
lite.on.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.lite.on.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.lite.on.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.lite.on.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-tw.lite.on.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.lite.on.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-cn.on.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.on.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.on.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
hhp.www.on.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
logon.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
vi-vn.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
he-il.vi-vn.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
m.vi-vn.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-cn.vi-vn.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.fa-ir.vi-vn.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-es.vi-vn.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.vi-vn.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.vi-vn.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
staticxx.vi-vn.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
o.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
en-gb.o.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
th-th.o.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pl-pl.o.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.zero.o.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ar-ar.o.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zer.o.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
de-de.zer.o.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
hi-in.zer.o.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.zer.o.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.es-es.o.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.o.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.o.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
af-za.ro-ro.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ja-jp.ro-ro.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-br.ro-ro.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.aap.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ja-jp.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
app.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.wwww.ww.app.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.app.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
up.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.up.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ar-ar.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ar.ar.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.s.ar.ar.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
en-gb.s.ar.ar.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
tl-ph.s.ar.ar.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
hu-hu.s.ar.ar.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.s.ar.ar.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.ar.ar.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
tr-tr.ar.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.ar.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
hi-in.lear.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.lear.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.lear.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-br.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.es-la.o.register.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-br.register.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.register.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.es-es.www.register.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.www.register.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
el-gr.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ko-kr.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
tr-tr.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.tr-tr.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
accs.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
adds.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.adds.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-es.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pixel.es-es.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
nl-nl.es-es.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pl-pl.es-es.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ja-jp.es-es.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ar-ar.es-es.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
hs.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.hs.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
apps.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.apps.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
id-id.apps.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
de-de.apps.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.apps.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.apps.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
upps.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
en-gb.upps.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
id-id.upps.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
de-de.upps.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
hi-in.upps.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ro-ro.upps.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ko-kr.upps.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.upps.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.upps.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
https.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
business.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
wwws.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
connect.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
m.connect.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
apps.connect.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.apps.connect.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
htmlconnect.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
com.htmlconnect.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
comconnect.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.it-it.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
wwwit.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fb-lt.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
client.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-pt.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.eu.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
de-de.eu.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
da-dk.eu.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.da-dk.eu.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pl-pl.eu.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-cn.eu.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
vi-vn.eu.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ar-ar.eu.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
pt-br.eu.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-es.eu.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.eu.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ru-ru.eu.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.eu.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ru-ru.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
lv-lv.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
w.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
w.w.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-hk.zh-tw.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.zh-tw.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
en-gb.zh.tw.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ro-ro.zh.tw.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.zh.tw.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ww.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.ww.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
de-de.ww.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-hk.ww.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.ww.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ko-kr.ww.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
tr-tr.ww.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.ww.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-tw.ww.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.ww.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.www.ww.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
id-id.www.ww.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
tr-tr.www.ww.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
zh-tw.www.ww.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.www.ww.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
google.www.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.google.www.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ja-jp.www.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
fr-fr.www.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
https.www.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.www.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.www.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.www.www.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-es.www.www.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
it-it.www.www.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.www.www.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
staticxx.www.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
htmlwww.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
com.htmlwww.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
htmltiava.com.htmlwww.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
facebook.com.htmlwww.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
lite.facebook.com.htmlwww.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.lite.facebook.com.htmlwww.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
htmllite.facebook.com.htmlwww.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
facebook.com.htmllite.facebook.com.htmlwww.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
comwww.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
facebook.comwww.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.lite.facebook.comwww.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
htmllite.facebook.comwww.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
wwww.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.wwww.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-la.wwwwww.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
es-es.wwwwww.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.wwwwww.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
sbx.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ms-my.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.ms-my.lite.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
hootsuite.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
willamette.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
marquette.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
deloitte.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
kiwiinstitute.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
purdue.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
jetblue.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ucreative.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
sageinitiative.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
salve.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
skye.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
breeze.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ps-af.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
stolaf.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ucf.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ciachef.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
shef.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
csf.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
sjcsf.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
iag.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
bg-bg.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
mcg.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
rdg.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ihg.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
mg-mg.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ha-ng.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ff-ng.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
wang.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
deverything.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
king.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
booking.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
wargaming.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
forefrontconsulting.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
jabong.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
blog.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
muhlenberg.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ifcorg.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
frostburg.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
yorkrsg.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
h.facebook.com,headers-regional.vvv.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
messiah.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ausharjah.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
utah.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
coloradotech.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
lntinfotech.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
govtech.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
cmich.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
research.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
touch.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
mtouch.facebook.com,touch.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
baruch.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
lehigh.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
pjh.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
km-kh.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
imh.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
unh.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
tl-ph.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
cx-ph.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
graph.facebook.com,api.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
z-p1-graph.facebook.com,z-p1.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
b-graph.facebook.com,z-m.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
z-m-graph.facebook.com,z-m.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
accounts-graph.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ttsh.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
th.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
th-th.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
magellanhealth.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
mailchimp-oauth.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
monmouth.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
dartmouth.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
uh.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
nwh.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
uci.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
fundacaoidi.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
huawei.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
fi.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
fi-fi.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
cgi.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
hawaii.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
lji.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
meli.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
bsli.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
mi.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
origami.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
umiami.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
pmi.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
vmi.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
star-mini.facebook.com,star-mini.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
mqtt-mini.facebook.com,mqtt-mini.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
snaptu-mini.facebook.com,snaptu-mini.c10r.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
alumni.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
siktalumni.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
en-pi.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
api.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
z-p1-api.facebook.com,z-p1.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
b-api.facebook.com,z-m.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
z-m-api.facebook.com,z-m.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
rtmp-api.facebook.com,rtmp-api.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
mondadori.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
uri.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
missouri.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
sl-si.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
wsi.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
jti.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
byui.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
godrej.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
tcnj.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
tg-tj.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ayj.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
feedback.facebook.com,www.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
convtrack.facebook.com,www.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
warwick.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
da-dk.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
bdodk.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
zh-hk.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
tachik.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
si-lk.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
suffolk.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
mk-mk.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
hdfcbank.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
kiwibank.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
metrobank.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
yesbank.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
mobilink.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
facebook.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
thomascook.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
stonybrook.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ur-pk.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
topdanmark.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
park.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
work.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
sk-sk.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
novonordisk.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
utk.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
sageuk.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
cardiffuk.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
yorkuk.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
l.facebook.com,star-mini.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
sq-al.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
accaglobal.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ustglobal.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
planningfamilial.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
imperial.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
national.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
external.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
collercapital.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
molaccessportal.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
coastal.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ptcl.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
intel.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
emmanuel.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
drexel.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
pixel.facebook.com,star-mini.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ufl.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
gl.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
he-il.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
wheatonil.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
april.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
crisil.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ccamatil.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
marshall.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
campbell.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
bucknell.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
cornell.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
stonehill.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
washcoll.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
conncoll.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
redbull.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
nl.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
nl-nl.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
fy-nl.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
spfldcol.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
newschool.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
bristol.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
pl.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
pl-pl.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
sz-pl.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
sl.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ssl.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
wustl.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
depaul.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
qmul.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
xxl.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
m.facebook.com,star-mini.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
b-m.facebook.com,z-m.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
wooga.m.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
mahindra.m.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
axiata.m.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
fb.m.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
lntecc.m.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
leclerc.m.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
bd.m.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
clubmed.m.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
venteprivee.m.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
nike.m.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
lntinfotech.m.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
govtech.m.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
teem.m.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
asurion.m.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
uk2group.m.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
hclinfosystems.m.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
unicreativearts.m.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
microsoft.m.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
hy-am.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
dcpmidstream.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
one2team.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
oxfam.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
fordham.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
sheffieldhallam.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
hiram.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ibm.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
redx-dm.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
fandm.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
teem.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
assystem.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
majidalfuttaim.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
lm.facebook.com,star-mini.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
anselm.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
my-mm.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
qz-mm.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
c21mm.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
mmm.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
viacom.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
huaweicom.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
telekom.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
platform.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
dsm.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
gsm.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
csusm.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
lshtm.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
lithium.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
uvm.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
wm.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
uwm.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
n.facebook.com,z.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
an.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
american.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
kean.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
umichigan.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
caledonian.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
chapman.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
rowan.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
wesleyan.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
nbn.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
congresswbn.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
zh-cn.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
evergreen.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
heineken.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
verspieren.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
hurtigruten.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
moelven.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
sovereign.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
design.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
pa-in.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ta-in.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
te-in.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
hi-in.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ml-in.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
bn-in.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
en-in.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
kn-in.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
mr-in.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
or-in.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
as-in.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
gu-in.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
mydin.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
login.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
onelogin.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
bowdoin.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ln.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
mn-mn.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
upenn.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
finn.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
siminn.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
uconn.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
lynn.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
oregon.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
union.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
asurion.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
learntobefoundation.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
partnersindevelopmentfoundation.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
elon.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
uakron.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
denison.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
horison.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
clemson.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
dickinson.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
emerson.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
wheaton.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
princeton.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
carleton.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
washington.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
stockton.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
hamilton.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
amazon.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
verizon.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
georgiasouthern.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
flsouthern.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
intern.facebook.com,internextern.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
web.intern.facebook.com,internextern.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
static.intern.facebook.com,internextern.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
s-static.intern.facebook.com,internextern.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
l.intern.facebook.com,internextern.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
pixel.intern.facebook.com,internextern.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
error.intern.facebook.com,internextern.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
phabricator.intern.facebook.com,phabricatorextern.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
our.intern.facebook.com,internextern.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
error.our.intern.facebook.com,internextern.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
www.our.intern.facebook.com,internextern.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
partners.intern.facebook.com,internextern.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
developers.intern.facebook.com,internextern.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
www.developers.intern.facebook.com,internextern.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
business.intern.facebook.com,internextern.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
review.intern.facebook.com,internextern.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
www.intern.facebook.com,internextern.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
northeastern.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
northwestern.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
extern.facebook.com,extern.c10r.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
s-static.extern.facebook.com,extern.c10r.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
auburn.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
un.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
vi-vn.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
countdown.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
brown.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
georgetown.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
brooklyn.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
o.facebook.com,z.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
m.o.facebook.com,z.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
www.o.facebook.com,z.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
mandco.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
saveco.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
basico.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
protelco.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
tesco.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
colorado.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
eo-eo.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
graph-video.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
api-video.facebook.com,vupload2.vvv.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
fo-fo.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
uchicago.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
oswego.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ohio.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
muohio.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
hackerdojo.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ko.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
buffalo.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
no.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
nb-no.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
nn-no.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
badoo.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
nextoo.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
xpo.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ro.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ro-ro.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
zero.facebook.com,z.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
cenviro.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
elektro.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
so-so.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
iso.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
accesso.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
amesto.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
rupload.p.facebook.com,z-1.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
apps.p.facebook.com,z-1.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
edge-chat.p.facebook.com,z-1.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
ap.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
norcap.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
dwcsap.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
hp.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
usip.facebook.com,www-college.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
vip.facebook.com,facebook.com.,Not SaaS
ja-jp.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
v4help.facebook.com,star.c10r.facebook.com.,Connection Failed
amp.facebook.com,star.facebook.com.,Not SaaS
